>>But this one I'm about to
talk about is more for important
for this group.
The shape of the room, by
the way, the halls of records
looks like this.
This would be the floor
pattern, and these raised areas
and around there will be where
the objects will be found.
There are three
schools in Egypt.
One is the Left Eye of Horus.
One is the Right Eye of Horus.
And one is the
Middle Eye of Horus.
The left eye is
the feminine path.
The right eye is
the masculine path.
The middle eye is
the child path.
The left eye, which we're going
to talk about right now-- we've
been talking about the
right eye, basically,
but we're now going to just
lightly discussed the left eye.
The middle eye, I can't
really talk about.
It's just life.
That's all it is.
It's applying the left
and the right eye.
Here again, you'll
see these two eyes.
This is a better one here.
These are the three schools.
This, by the way,
for some of you
who are familiar with
Zecharia Sitchin's work,
this sphere with the
two snakes and the wings
is a symbol for
the planet Marduk.
The 12th planet-- the planet
which the Nephilim and Annunaki
come from.
And this is the symbol
for metamorphose.
This is the symbol
of the Ibis bird.
And the sphere, the oval, is a
symbol for Chiquetet, or Thoth,
and it's also another
symbol for the right eye,
the male training.
And this one over here of
the bee with the plant stalk,
if you can see that
there, is another symbol
for the left eye of Horus,
or the feminine path.
These are names.
And this is the star
Sirius and eternal life
on either side of them.
Either path leads to eternal
life through the star Sirius.
You have to pass
through that star,
from their particular way
of thinking of things.
>>Where was that found?
>>This is the Cairo Museum.
>>Where was that--
>>It's a capstone off
of one of the pyramids.
Not one of the great
pyramids-- just a pyramid.
I really don't know which one.
One of the pyramids.
There's a lot of
pyramids in there.
In the belief of the ankh--
you see the Ankh down here?
The belief in the
ankh is that the ankh
is the key to eternal life.
It's one of the primary major
pieces to the whole thing.
And according to Thoth,
the ankh can only
be received from behind.
I'll explain what that
means a little bit,
but you can see here where
the ankh is from behind.
He's also holding the three
tools of resurrection.
This is Osiris,
and this is Isis.
These are the actual tools,
and these are King Tut's tools.
These are the real ones,
with the frail and the hook.
And this is one of the
rare, rare photographs
of this holy family
actually using these tools.
It was a tantric practice.
Obviously there's sexual
energy involved here.
And this is Isis and
Horus and Osiris.
You see they're
holding the Ankh.
Horus is holding
the rod to the back
of his father's head
to the chakra point
back here, which has
a 45 degree on it.
They must have the tuning fork
pretty well already figured out
for him, because they're not
using the frail to tune it
with.
And look what he's
doing with the hook.
Look what he's doing
with the frail.
He's holding the frail with
a single finger up like this,
so that you can tune
the vibration precisely
down the spine.
You can get down there, and
then as the sexual energy rises,
it moves up around in
the form of an ankh
in a certain way, which
leads to eternal life,
from their point of view.
I'll talk about this
exactly a little bit more--
what was really going on there.
Here you see Isis-- this
is another person here--
is showing, giving the
understanding of eternal life
to him through the breath.
Same thing here, and she's
gently holding his hand.
And she has not just
the sphere over him,
but a red oval, which is the egg
of metamorphosis, communicating
to him through the breath
he will change physical form
to a different form.
All of the temples
that run up the Nile
correlate with the chakra
points in the human body.
This is the second temple,
and it's called Kom Ombo,
and it's the sexual chakra.
It is the only temple
that is it is dedicated
to polarity, to the
male and the female,
and it is the only
temple in Egypt
that is dedicated
to two gods at once.
And there is a line down
the middle of this temple,
and one side is one
God, and one side
is the other-- the
principal of polarity.
It's real interesting, when
Gregg Braden was over there
with his group just recently--
remember that big earthquake
they had just recently?
When was that?
That was November, or
something like that.
Last December?
Real recently-- he said
that you could tell,
and the guards told
him the same thing.
One side is dark, and
one side is light.
And the side that was dark was
almost completely destroyed.
And the side that was
light, not one thing moved.
Sign of the times.
Here you see the two
left eyes of Horus
and the little 45 degree rod
for Resurrection over here.
This temple is dedicated to--
this is the left eye of Horus.
And in each one
of these temples,
they dealt with various
aspects of your feminine side,
whether you're male or
female, it doesn't matter.
It's your right brain, OK?
And so they dealt with
things like psychic energy
and your fears and sensitivities
and all these kinds of things
and feelings and emotions.
These were the kinds
of things that they
worked with the people as
you went through there.
And that was what your
beginning training was.
But one of them was
this thing with fear,
and you can begin
to understand why,
with what I just talked about.
They knew that they
were going to go
into fourth dimensional spaces.
And if you go into those fourth
dimensional spaces with fears,
you're going to have
to deal with them,
because they will become real.
And so they went through a
tremendous amount of work
to get rid of these
fears out of people.
And every temple-- each chakra
relates to a different thing.
The first one is
survival, the sexual,
and power of things, and
heart chakras, and throat,
and sound currents, and all
the various things going up
the different
levels, and each one
has a different kind of
fear associated with it
and a different kind
of emotion associated
with that they focus in on.
And I'm just going to talk
about one of the fears
that they dealt with
in this temple here.
And I went there
the second time--
I took Katrina over
the first time.
The second time, Katrina
took me over there,
which was kind of reciprocal.
And so I went with her group
the second time that she gave.
And she was giving
a ceremony where
we went down in this little
hole in the ground here.
Here's the floor, and
then it goes like this.
So that hole that he's going
in is like this one here.
And you go in there, and
then there's a big granite
slab hanging down, so
that you have to come in,
and if you just go real fast,
you just run into a wall.
And you've got to go underneath
it and then come back up
and come out the other side.
And they talked about how
this was filled with water.
And we all went in
and did this ceremony.
And I was thinking, boy, this
ceremony seems awful simple.
It was real beautiful, what we
did, but when we were all done,
I had the advantage then
of having Thoth with me,
and I said, OK, what
really went on here?
And he began to describe to me.
He says, look around.
He said, be observant.
You see this right here?
They put metal in
here, so that when
they put two blocks together,
it would keep them from moving.
You see there's another one
over there, right by the foot,
over here.
They ran all along there
and along-- this was a wall.
This was a wall.
He told me to climb up on the
other side of there, and I did.
And I climbed up over here,
and I got up high over here.
Now, that hole was
right down in here.
You see this person
standing down there.
And that hole was
right in the middle
here, between these two things.
So this was a wall.
You could see these pigs.
The wall went all the way up
to here, maybe even higher, up
to here.
And there's another
wall over here.
And this was the center line
between the two temples.
This side was the
temple of darkness.
temple of light.
And right in the
middle was this one.
So I asked him what happened,
and this is what he said.
Remember, the first time that
they told me to give this,
I gave it to one, and I
had a lady go in shock.
She couldn't even talk
for about an hour.
She was just sitting next
to the wall quivering,
because she had done it
and failed this test,
and she remembered it in detail.
I hope there's nobody here-- Let
me know if you start quivering.
Do you see those little
steps up over there?
Those are the steps.
And then it came down like this.
There was a slab that came down.
And then there was
another one down here.
And then there was another wall
that came higher than this time
with another slab like
this, like that, and then
over right there.
This is part of it.
Now, this one came
over like this.
And this was the thing that
we just went in over here.
And that's not too good.
I think I'm just
going to draw it.
This is where I was, over here.
And
OK, so you have these two
walls sandwiched together.
And the whole thing was filled
with water-- water here.
These are little steps
facing that way, and then
water over here.
So this whole thing would
fill up with water, like this.
And in here, was alligators.
This temple was dedicated to
alligators and crocodiles.
And the little,
innocent initiate
would come over
here and be looking
at a blank wall with
these three little steps
and this little square of water.
That's all they could
see, nothing else, just
this little square of water.
And they were told to go in and
don't come back out this way
and to be careful.
So with one breath-- and they
had to do a lot of training
before they did this.
I mean, they didn't just
throw them in there.
They did a lot of
training and breathing
and everything else like
that-- they would come in here.
And they couldn't go
real fast, because they'd
hit their heads on here.
They had to move slowly
around these things.
And they'd come down here.
And this is lit up.
Lights coming in here.
And they'd come in here, and
right when they get down here,
they look up.
And there's all
these alligators,
which probably cause the little
innocent person to experience
a certain amount of fear.
And the alligators were actually
fed, according to Thoth.
They didn't eat anybody.
But it wouldn't matter.
It just simply wouldn't
make any difference
once you were down here.
You know you can't go back.
And so what happens is you
got to weave your way around
through these alligators
and come up to this step
and get out.
That's what happens almost
always the first time.
And then when you get
out, you get up here,
you were told that
you just failed.
And you have to do it again.
It's not the way out.
And so now, the person has to
go through a whole bunch more
training, comes
back a second time,
though they could do
it on the first time,
but almost never, he said.
They come back a second
time, and now they
know the alligators
are in there.
And they also know that
that's not the way out.
So they have to come back
down here a second time,
and when they get here, at the
moment of their greatest fear,
they have to go
deeper into this place
here-- find it and
go deeper into it--
and come out over here on
this other side of the wall,
at which point, they
go on to the next one.
And they had devised all these
systems and things to get you--
and he says hardly
anyone ever died,
but occasionally they did.
But that's life.
From an Egyptian
point of view, you
got to push things sometimes.
So anyway, they had
another one over here,
which I wanted him to ask me.
It was a big, huge
hole that was maybe
30 feet around with stairs that
spiraled down into the water.
And you could just see them
disappearing down, down, down,
down.
I figure there was probably
some weird thing with that too.
But he wouldn't
tell me what it was.
So I don't know what it was.
This is out of Memphis.
It's a new temple they just
discovered when I was there.
This is the ground
level up here.
And this was only about four
or five feet under the ground,
and this is the top of about
a 40 or 50-foot pillar.
So it's a huge temple
that's totally buried.
And this is Hathor.
Only Hathor is not
a single person.
It is a race of being,
according to Thoth
and to the ancient writings.
There's a Hathor race,
and they live on Venus
in the fourth dimension.
And they are the most advanced
souls in this solar system.
And they are very much
like the dolphins.
They are tall.
They're 10 to 16 feet tall.
The females are
about 10 to 12 feet,
and the males are about
14 to 16 feet tall.
And they function almost
totally with sound.
The sounds that they can
make with their voice
can do just about anything.
And the dolphins
are real similar.
They function almost
totally on sound also.
And they're on real similar
levels of consciousness,
though they have very
different physical forms.
And they're just pure love.
They just love people.
They love everything.
They don't have a mean
bone in their body.
And I did witness the-- one
of the people I was with
had an initiation
with a Hathor, where
they had to learn what
sound the ankh was.
And it's a continuous
sound that you
do for about two hours--
one continuous sound
that you never stop, you
know, like the Aboriginals do
the didgeridoo,
and they learn how
to make a sound
that never stops?
You can do the same thing.
There's a sound you can
make that they teach you,
that once you get
the sound going,
the sound just never stops.
You learn how to breath
in through your nostrils
and out through your
mouth and some of the air
goes into your lungs, so you
ever have to ever breath.
It's just one continuing
in breath and out breath
at the same time.
And if you don't
think that's possible,
then talk to an Aboriginal.
They do it all the time.
I had someone who--
you can train.
A simple way of training is
you put a straw into water,
and you start blowing
bubbles, and you
learn how to blow
bubbles continuously,
without ever stopping.
Anyway, I'll talk about
the Hathors later.
They're pretty good people.
And this is the temple that
was dedicated to Hathor.
It's the Dendera.
Yeah, right, thank you.
It's Dendera.
That's Katrina Raphaell.
I don't know who that is.
And somebody came in
here and destroyed
all the faces of the Hathors
and all these pillars that
go all-- inside are these huge,
huge, huge pillars with Hathors
all around them.
They destroyed all of them.
>>Do you know why?
>>I don't know.
The Christians that came
in saw all of this as evil
and tried to destroy
a great deal of it.
This was pagan to them.
And like I said,
a lot of it was.
It was a cult. Certain
aspects of this,
because of the mistaken idea
that each one of these nefers
were gods.
That was where the problem was.
If it had not been for
that, both the Christians
and the Egyptians probably
would have been very agreeable
in all kinds of ways.
But it didn't work out that way.
Anyway, inside this is the
temple that has the up on that
side over there and way
back-- and this thing
is so big you can't imagine.
It's like a half a mile
around in all directions,
with a huge wall
around it and all that.
This is just the central
part, and it's enormous.
And up over in here is where
the astrological wheel is on it.
But over on this side, here, is
where I wanted to talk about.
You can't see this
picture very well.
This is a doorway.
It's dark.
It goes into a dark area.
And over here is a symbol
for Marduk, the 12th planet.
And down here is a circle with
a left eye of Horus in it.
And this is Thoth
pointing to it.
And inside of there is the
story of Isis and Osiris.
And what many
people don't realize
is that Horus was a
virgin birth, like Jesus.
And in fact, almost all of
the people, like Krishna,
et cetera, were all immaculate
conceptions and virgin births.
Whether or not they're a
virgin doesn't really matter,
but anyway, we'll
talk about that now.
So what I'm going
to discuss right now
is immaculate conception,
which we tend to think
is myth, in 1992.
We think that that's just
not true, that we can accept,
if we're Christian-- what?
>>'93.
>>Are we still in that year?
I want to go back the other way.
[LAUGHTER]
'93.
OK, 1993.
Yeah, I still haven't quite
got here yet, I don't think.
We still think that it's
myth, that it isn't true.
We think if we're
Christian, we can
see that there's an immaculate
conception that produced Jesus.
And we can accept that.
But we don't think that
it could possibly ever
have anything to do with us
or that anyone else has ever
done it.
Most Christians only think
that Jesus was the only one,
though there are many, many,
many, many, many examples
of this.
In fact, the AMA has
over 200 examples of it--
documented,
absolutely documented,
no doubt, immaculate
conception births on record.
But let me even go
much deeper than that.
In here I want to talk about
the story of Isis and Osiris.
I think did describe it, right?
The whole thing that
he's cut up in 14 pieces
and brought back--
the whole thing.
And she flew to him
and it shows this hawk.
She turns from a human into
a hawk and flies to him
and wraps the wings
around the penis,
and then immediately
after that becomes
pregnant with this baby, which
becomes this hawk-headed baby,
which is Horus.
And through the birth of
Horus, the three of them
become immortal beings,
very much like what happened
with Ay and Tiya in Lemuria.
Well, let me make an
introduction to this.
Again, most people don't believe
that immaculate conception
can take place.
But let's look at the evidence.
First of all,
immaculate conception
takes place all around you,
every day, all the time,
all over the place
in nature, all over.
There's all kinds
of plants and trees
and insects that do it all
the time, lots and lots.
I don't even know how many.
It's probably in the
hundreds of thousands of them
that are capable of doing this.
Now, just pick one so
you can see clearly
the image of what I'm saying.
And that one is the bee
that we're so familiar with.
The bee-- a female bee--
can make a male bee
anytime she wants.
She does not need to
mate with a male bee
if she wants to make a male.
She can just say, I think
I'll make a male bee today.
Make a male bee.
But if she wants to
make a female bee,
she has to physically
mate with the male
to make the female bee.
That's the arrangement
that they've made.
Let's look at this.
So let's look at the
family tree of a male bee.
A male be only needs a mommy.
Now, this is fact.
I'm not making this up.
This is fact.
The male bee only needs a mommy.
But the mommy needs
a daddy and a mommy.
a mommy and a daddy.
But the daddy only
needs a mommy.
But the mommy--
and it comes down
in this funny
looking tree, right?
Well, when you come over here,
there's 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13,
and you see the Fibonacci
sequence unfolding.
But if you have a
family tree of a couple
of an animal or anything
else that is not
using immaculate conception,
it comes down 1, 2, 4, 8, 16,
and it's the binary sequence.
The two primary sequences
of life-- one is male.
And one is female.
Peter C. Hoppe, Karl
Illmensee, announced in 1977
the successful birth at
the Jackson Laboratory
in Bar Harbor, Maine, of
seven single-parent mice.
The process was called
parthenogenesis,
or virgin birth.
However, immaculate conception
would be a more accurate term,
since the female does
not have to be a virgin.
Two people took animals
and created-- took a female
and got the female pregnant
without any interaction
from the male whatsoever, sip.
They made virgin birth mice.
That was the first time it took
place, only in 1977, recently.
All they had to do
was to take the ovum
and stick a little
pin through it,
and mitosis began-- no
sperm at all, nothing.
And now, since then,
they've done it
with all kinds of things--
rabbits, blah blah
blah, and everything like that.
And humans-- they've done
it with human beings.
There are virgin
birth humans that have
been done in the laboratory.
I've even talked
to the doctor who's
done it, which was in North
Carolina, one of them.
Though we don't hear
about this stuff too much.
We don't know this kind of
experimentation is going on.
And in the old journals before
1900-- medical journals--
they claimed that some females
had a particular gland that
could excrete an acid,
and that that acid
would begin the process.
I asked him about this, and
he had never read the journal,
but he said that from
everything he knew about this,
there probably was no
reason why an acid couldn't
work as anything that
broke the surface so.
It could either eat
through the surface
or break the
surface of the ovum,
and the birth process begins.
However, when a
human baby is born
from immaculate conception,
or parthenogenisis--
what it's called-- it is
a female, always, so far.
And the female looks
identical to the mom,
because that's where she
drew all the genes from.
All of them came from her.
And as far as they know,
the female is sterile.
As far as they know--
is she really sterile?
Or is she now only able to
mate interdimensionally?
She can mate physically
all she wants.
If she's an
interdimensional being now,
she won't be able
to mate that way.
She'd have to mate
interdimensionally.
There's so much that is
not learned about this.
The other thing that
they're discovering
is that the length
of time of birth,
instead of being 9 months,
is about 10 and 1/2 months.
And my wife believes that she
had an immaculate conception.
Before I met her, she
had not been with anyone.
We didn't have any
reason to not say this.
It didn't matter.
She had had children before
we married and everything.
But she said that
with the last baby,
she hadn't been with anybody.
And when she got pregnant, she
didn't believe the doctors.
She went to another
doctor, and the doctor
said, yeah, you're pregnant.
She didn't believe that
one, went to another one.
Went to three doctors, and they
all told her she was pregnant.
They thought she was crazy.
And it took 10 and 1/2 months
for the baby to be born.
And when the baby came
out, and even now, it
is like a mirror image of her.
I saw the picture of her
when she was two years old,
and I had the baby there
when it was two years old.
I remember sitting in front
of this picture of the baby
and the image of my wife
when she was two years old,
and I couldn't even see
not even the slightest
difference at all, not a thing.
I sat there for a long
time looking at this.
It was like nothing.
And there's a lot of
women today in 1993--
at least in 1992
there were, anyway--
that are having 10 and
1/2-month pregnancies.
According to this doctor
there-- because we
discussed this whole thing.
There may be something
going on in this right now.
We don't know.
I mean, I'm not saying
that any of this is true.
I'm just saying that this
is what is known so far.
And you can make up your
own mind about all of this.
I remember at one
point when it was
Thoth who wanted me to
put this out and study it.
And I remember at
one point Thoth,
while I was studying some of the
geometry, I was sitting here,
and I was trying to
figure something out.
He's sort of sitting
here watching me.
And I was trying to
figure something.
And he was just sort of
making conversations.
There isn't really anytime when
he just makes conversation,
but he said, would you like
to hear a story about my mom?
And I said, yeah, sure,
and I'm sitting here
trying to figure this thing out.
And he said, well-- this
is actually right before,
because at the time,
I didn't know why
he was trying to tell me this.
His mom's name was Sekhmet.
Chiquetet is a title.
It's kind of like Rinpoche,
which means the precious one.
Chiquetet means the
seeker of wisdom.
And Sekhmet means
the holder of wisdom.
And he says mom went right
after the race was created.
She was one of the
first ones that became
where they could have children.
And while all the other
ones were mating physically
and having babies
in binary sequence,
she elected to go
in another way,
and she found this man
that she fell in love with.
But they made love
interdimensionally
without physical contact
from two different places.
There are still orgasm.
There's a lot of
things that go on.
But a different kind
of connection is made.
And she became pregnant.
And in having this baby,
the same thing that
happened with Tiya
and Ay-- they became
aware of their nature and
their relationship to God.
And they became immortal beings.
Only the baby was
a boy, not a girl,
like we would get through
parthenogenesis in this way.
It came out a boy.
And when the little boy
grew up and became an adult,
then the father knew
what he was to do.
And he left his body.
He let go of it and
migrated to Venus
and became part of the Hathor
race, took on a Hathor body
and changed
evolutionary patterns.
This is a story You
can take it as a myth
or whatever you
want to take it as.
And then the mommy mated
interdimensionally with the son
and had another baby boy.
And then that baby grew up,
then the son dropped the body
and went to Venus and
became part of the race.
And the father then left Venus
and went on through the sun,
right into the sun, to Sirius
and became part of that race.
And this process continued on.
And they would keep
mating, having another son.
That son would go to Venus.
The next one would go to Sirius.
The next one would
go to-- Pleiades
was the next level out.
And they kept going out.
And from Pleiades it
was till Aldebaran.
And the original father kept
stretching further and further
and further out
in consciousness,
while the mother stayed anchored
to Earth, all the way up
until the time of Atlantis.
where-- Thoth's
father's name was Thome.
And Thome and his mother had
an interdimensional baby,
which was Thoth.
And when Thoth grew up,
then Thome left his body
and went to Venus.
And then Thoth and his mother
interdimensionally mated
and had a baby,
whose name was Tat.
Now, according to
the Egyptian records,
Tat was born of
Seshat, his wife.
He broke the lineage.
He got married.
Thoth married a woman for the
first time, and it was Seshat.
And they assumed that
the baby that was born
was from them, called Tat.
But according to
Thoth, it's not true.
It was from the mother.
And then later, when Thoth
went to Peru along with Seshat,
they had a baby together
down there, a girl,
born of physical contact, and
began a binary sequence pattern
as well as the Fibonacci
sequence pattern
from the same lineage.
And I just listened
to all that stuff,
and I didn't know what
to think about it.
I still don't know
what to think about it.
Perhaps there's more in
this universe than I know.
I don't know.
Though I think that there is,
if you do study the world's
religions right back to
the core of who they are,
you'll keep coming up with the
same thing over and over again.
It's usually a
brother and sister
mating to form a
child who becomes
the leader of this religion.
So in his case, it was
a mother and a son.
So I don't know what
this is all about.
And you can just look
at it, think about it.
But it's real.
It's really real now.
It's really possible.
It's not that it isn't possible.
It's absolutely, scientifically
proven beyond any doubt.
It's real.
>>But we haven't been able
to scientifically find a male
from the immaculate conception?
>>No.
But I think the reason is
because she's not really
interdimensionally mating.
It's a mechanical device
to get the process going.
Whereas, in real
life, it's a real male
and a real female
interdimensionally mating,
and that's what creates a male.
Another thing that's
just happening right now,
today, right this
very minute, 1993,
is that they have just
discovered that a big law has
just been broken.
They just discovered that
the number of chromosomes--
we have always thought
that 23 chromosomes came
from the female, 23 chromosomes
came from the male, right?
Isn't that what you
were all taught?
It's wrong.
Absolutely wrong-- they've
proven it beyond any
doubt whatsoever now.
It just isn't true.
Any number whatsoever
can come from the female,
all the way from 23 to all 46.
And in fact, usually
more come from the female
than from the male.
And he contributes
a certain amount,
and she fills in the rest.
And this is what
they've now discovered.
This is like in the
last two months.
They now know this.
>>Just one more question--
can the male do more than 23?
>>What they believe now is
that it's the other way around.
I don't know if the male
can do more than 23,
but they do know
that the female can
contribute any amount from 23 to
all of them to create the baby.
And they're mapping
the genes now.
I don't know if you're
follow all this.
There's 100,000 genes
in the human body.
They know what about
3,000 of them are,
and within a few
more years, they're
going to know what all
100,000 of them are.
They're going to
know the blueprint.
And with all they know
about this kind of stuff
and everything else
like that, they
would be able to
make a brand new race
of any kind of conceivable
thing you can want.
All kinds of diseases that have
never been able to be solved
will be able to solve
really easily very
soon-- Lots. and
lots of stuff They'll
know if you've got the diseases
even from the day you're born
and be able to correct them.
We're heading in a
real interesting level.
We're going to be
there real soon.
And the United States, by the
way, is trying to patent them.
You know about this?
They're trying to patent
all the genes, so that they
can control all of this.
Yeah, spending lots and
lots of money doing it,
but the French did it.
Yay, for the French.
The United States
has spent billions--
I don't know what
it is-- to do this,
and this one man in France,
using a very low budget,
has figured out a very
rapid way to determine
what the genes are.
And he's mapping the whole
thing really quickly.
And he's going to
beat the United
States almost for certain.
And he's going to give
it to the United Nations
as a gift, which will
mean that they can't
be patented at that point.